Welcome once again to beautiful Uptown Burbank Harmontown is now in session
Let's welcome to stay Spencer Crittenden and everybody Spencer Crittenden
Spencer Crittenden and Steve Levy bringing me a cocktail
He'll be back, the mayor of Harmontown, you know him, you love him, Mr. Dan Harmon
Thank you
Thank you very much
My dog was, he was, you know, it's the weekend so, and it's like the dog has a dog sitter like all week Allison
Which dog?
Harvey, well I'm talking about Harvey, I'm telling a story about my relationship with Harvey
because Nigel gets lots of, I don't know, he's a snuggler and stuff and Harvey's a very large dog
I don't say that in front of him, I call them both, I say, my two equally normal sized dogs
because there's no such thing as a normal dog, it takes a long time to say and that's why it's kind of exhausting
and so on the weekends which is when I'm there the most like Harvey who is a creature of warmth and love
like, I don't know, sometimes he gets a little antsy like he thinks maybe when I get up to go get more ice cream
or like emergency battery for whatever electronic device I'm staring at
and then he gets all excited like he thinks maybe I'm going to jog around the block or wrestle a bear with him
and I was going to breakfast today and he got excited and ran over the door because he's like, oh man, he's going outside
he's probably like Allison the dog sitter, he's probably going to like put a leash on me and go running around with me
and I looked at him and I said, listen man, like you know the score, like I'm a bad dog owner
I'll just relax and we're both going to die and I'll see you in heaven
and I heard myself say that and I thought it was kind of funny the idea of dogs going to heaven and then like, you know, us actually all going to the same heaven
because then everything you ate would be in heaven and like octopus are like really smart creatures and they'd all be in heaven
but like there's like a, you know, obviously it's like a six year old thinks of this stuff like but just the idea of all biology merging in heaven
which is what happens in life because you die and you break down so heaven doesn't exist and it's nothing
it's not news to you guys, I just had to kind of, I don't know where that was going to go
it's just that I didn't want to open the show and go, so Donald Trump Jr. had this meeting
I didn't want to like, I figured you guys are running from that and I didn't want to go
so Game of Thrones, you're missing it, thank you so much
clearly we took a hit, this better be a Game of Thrones hit
have you guys seen Game of Thrones yet?
I did, oh yeah
you guys want to know who did
I say, I mean, no I don't want spoilers but I'm enough of an anarchist to want you to spoil it for everybody right now
I was, now here's another
does his name rhyme with Ron Flo?
I don't know
do you guys want my opinion about Lena Dunham's dog?
Dan, what's your opinion on Lena Dunham's dog?
I was thinking about that, I was reading that article
I don't want to know his opinion about whatever he just said, I was reading the article about it
and I was like, I wonder what Dan's opinion on this is
this is a perfect opportunity
I don't think that Animal Adoption Shelters should do that
I think that people that want dogs to be happy and end up in good homes should see the bigger picture
I feel like, what does Lena Dunham have to do before we stop kicking her in the face?
what did she do?
I don't know what you're talking about, so hit me to the giant
she's lying about her dog
I mean, she's throwing it around
she took her dog to, she gave up her dog she had for four years and she said it was biting
it had aggressive behavior and had a dark past and something
whatever she said, what the fuck
she's not under oath and she's not a god damn
what's the definition of a lie?
she had the dog for four years, she's giving it up and it bit people
but then there was this communique issued by the shelter she got it from
it was like, hmm, Miss Dunham adopted that dog from us
we knew it for three weeks and that dog certainly never exhibited
it was like this big long like
Miss Dunham, Miss Dunham says
hmm, however, according to this animal shelter
like they didn't re, what the fuck are you doing?
so don't do that
I want to tell people Nigel got his stitches out, he's home, he's safe
what if the animal hospital was like, also he had bruises that we couldn't account for
you had a fucking social worker
are you admitting that Nigel has bruises that can't be counted for?
no
he keeps falling
well, wait, so I thought it was like
someone came to interview the shelter being all like
oh, what's the score? and then someone's like
that's not what I saw, I saw an open letter to the people about someone's dog
if that's true, that's kind of a bummer, yeah, I thought someone came and interviewed the guy and he was like
here's what I know, but yeah, that's kind of weird if they're like
that's not true
well, let's just commit to the sadness, like I was going to have something happy to talk about it
George Romero died, Merton Landau died
oh, yeah
Romero was one of the first Hollywood meetings I ever had, Schrab and I came out here
I can't remember who set it up, I don't know if it was
he was with the Gersh agency back then, I just remember like wow, we're meeting George Romero
and he wore his, he wore that vest that directors wear to the meeting
and he signed a copy of, he signed Schrab's
Dawn of the Dead, I think it was
I can't remember what movie Schrab had him sign
I don't know, why do people deal with celebrity death like that, like I worked with him once
extra pity that he's dead
Tony and I had the honor of doing a scene together in Surfer Ninjas
now it's bad that he's died
and there's the other thing that everyone does when it's a celebrity
like everyone wants to connect the dots, they're like Tony
Tony from, Tony Johnson died
Surf's up brother, don't watch out for those ninjas
stop that, stop it, just look at someone with a ghost buster
George Romero died, you'll be eating brains of your victims in heaven
but this, I guess this leads into, this is why I'll finish up
I had an epiphany about this, I haven't executed this epiphany yet
I haven't acted on it, but my epiphany has been this, alright? Are you listening?
Are you paying attention? I'm buckled all the way up
The reason I've been getting mad at people on Twitter is because
for 30 years of internet usage
I have always been assuming
this one thing that was going to be a common like assumption among everyone which is that
everything that you're saying on the internet is something that you're
implying you would say to my face in real life
or out loud in a crowded room if you're like broadcasting it
and I was just taking a pee at work the other day and I was like
because we were talking about the internet and then I was like, I don't know, it was an epiphany
and I like, we have all the time and it's like I think the warm water
leaves your body and your brain like shifts, whatever you were just talking about
has a chance to like click. You said epiphany?
I didn't coin it, I don't think.
I'm writing it down. But my epiphany was
holy shit, nobody, everyone in the world is a moron
and so when the internet gave them the ability to
say things to each other, a lot of these people
inherited for the first time in their life the
ability to say things to anyone in any way
and so these are not people who would
be at your party and then say that while
you were saying what you're saying. Like I just tweet, even when I'm like
in a tweet storm, I'm just doing what I
do, ask anybody that knows me, I just talk and I don't fucking stop
and I yell at everybody and I'm like, here's another thought about Lena Dunham's dog
but then I look at my
replies and I think, oh these are all the things that people
would say while I was doing that. It's like you should be mad
right away if they were going to, you're just reading their dumb little
minds, you're talking to someone on the internet, that's what's happening is
we have very low grade telepathy, you're just seeing what's going on in
their little lobster brain. Now they have the ability
to accidentally project it, they're typing it
and so they're like, I'm racist
and you're like, well what if you heard that as a voice over
from a guy next to you in a subway?
It's still important to know that they're racist, that's valuable
information but I wouldn't get as mad at them, I'd
turn and go like, huh, nice and they'd be like, what?
I'm racist and they'd be like, I can't fool me
and I'd feel like empowered and feel like a superhero and therefore I wouldn't
get that mad at them. I had this idea, I had this idea
like an evil plan, like if I was an evil villain, that like you could take
all the stupid things that people say online in the 1940s
just wouldn't be online and able to be searchable
by a robot and you get all this racist stuff and I don't know how
you flag it but you flag it as dumb racist stuff and you collect it
all and then you use the bot to find these people's kids when they're
like 13 or 11 or 12 and you just show them all this racist
stuff that their parents said and all this stupid shit and it's like, here's
your fucking parents, they're fucking dipshits, don't listen to anything they say
and it'll be like a time bomb that just goes off simultaneously like 20 years
in the future and it'll be an entire generation of like kids, they're like, wow
my parents are really fucking stupid and I just didn't see their Twitter feed
all this time, the society will break down.
I'm charmed by the notion that people don't
know their parents are full of shit. No, but you just see all this. Four years old.
It'll be great. I mean it would be like, I mean I don't want to, but more importantly
like also you yourself, right? Like just anything, like
here's all the shit that you said when you were activated and like thought you were fighting
something. Yeah, if my kids saw that, I'd be like, well I can't send him to
his room. That's the thing is that you're going to raise a generation of
Pippi Longstockings, like they're going to have no parents. Yeah, it'll be great, but they'll be a little
sad, they'll be a little sad because the bot's going to say, here's
your parents, everything they say is full of shit and the kid's going to say, they just said happy birthday.
Just, you know, rattle the
nests. It's just the orphan maker
of the 5,000 bot just floating through neighborhoods, peeking in windows
going, love insincere,
insincerely proven. What was the source of Pippi Longstockings
super strength? Why was she so powerful? She found out her mom was racist.
She found out her mom was racist.
It was her spinach. She would pull up her mom's
Facebook if anybody was in trouble and she would read like
what is this rant about Islam?
This is
easily proven with a cursory Snopes visit.
Someone made a Snopes
fake news sound. Or did I project that onto them?
I think I can assume that people that came out on Game of Thrones night are here.
What is that sound?
Why didn't you make that sound after I said a cursory Snopes visit?
They
feel the same way you do. They hear the word Snopes?
They were breathing out. They were like, that was fun Dan, thanks for sharing all that.
Now they feel singled out.
What's the Pippi Longstocking?
What is half of what he says? It's just grandpa gibberish.
Let's bring up younger blood.
I'm just a big fan of this person.
I really don't know that much about her.
She's out there in Brooklyn tweeting away.
She has this amazing
outlook.
I've told you up here
about that which is starting at zero because I felt like
you heard me. You can rewind my fucking
stuff and you can hear me talking about things that are true
which is that the bipartisan system doesn't work. But now we all miss it
very much. I do. I'll speak for myself.
I'm just kind of like, I got, what's
that sound? Why are you making that sound? It was laughter. It was somebody's laugh.
It's at the wrong time and it's the wrong kind.
I am vulnerable.
Somebody was enjoying the show. See, that's what I'm talking about.
That's what happened to me after the election.
I started experiencing vulnerability. His name is Charlie
Snopes. I don't care. Oh, Mr.
Snopes from the New Hampshire Snopes.
Actually, that's not true. We're not from New Hampshire.
Ah, those Snopes. Would you like
some dip? That's not dip. Okay, getting annoying.
Don't invite the Snopes over. Okay.
I stalked her Facebook page when she was flying in today and I was like,
I don't know. I look at her Facebook page and I saw that you can actually say things that are
longer than on Twitter and stuff. This is from December 1st.
This is shortly after.
Throughout the campaign and election, I felt that something was truly
off about our institutions, the way people were absorbing and discussing
politics and the lack of discussion about policy. I thought for a while
about the source of this problem and potential solutions and I made a decision.
I'm working on a project to develop the concept of citizenship.
It's more than just knowing facts about the system, though
I saw somewhere that only 36% of Americans can name the three branches of government.
It's a series of habits that reinforce the ways a citizen
absorbs information, participates in our system, and reacts to the decision of those
in power. Decisions of those in power. It is not partisan in nature
any more than the Constitution itself. It is about seeing politics at its core
as identifying and solving problems. At the moment, too many
see politics as a battle of dueling ideologies or degrading horrors. The concept
of we are the people being in charge of our own government
and destiny is without faith and with few advocates. I want to rebuild
that faith. We are our government. We can make decisions about our lives.
We can take pride in accepting reality even when it doesn't match our ideology.
We can see how the media, we consume values as our perceptions. We can fight
self-serving perceptions with evidence and empathy. We can engage in identifying and solving
our problems. We can engage in identifying and solving problems bigger than our
individual lives, whether that is through government, involvement, or restraint.
We can get honesty from our politicians about their plans, demand a dignity,
and respect for the power they hold via their offices and punish them with ouster
when they fail to bring solutions. And she goes on and on
and I wanted to go on and on up here. So let's bring to the stage
Caitlin Byrd.
Hello.
I forgot the one thing I should have asked you backstage was, oh wait, am I supposed to
use your real name or did I just like...
No, we can edit that out very easily.
Okay. Because your
meaningful identity to me is Gotham Girl. What's your Twitter handle?
Gotham Girl Blue. Where you have
1,000 followers, which I didn't do anything to earn
400,000. I did things that explain why I have them,
but the things that you're doing
in that corner of the internet seem magnificent to me
and I'm coming to you for this episode of the podcast.
Just want to get a little like clarity
but also hear from the side because I guess
why am I explaining to you how I'm about to interview you?
It's good. I've never been interviewed before. So this is good. I need some prep.
Alright, well let's talk about what else are you going to ask?
You do all these kind of like tutorials. If people go to your...
you have a separate Twitter that's like CitizenZero...
CitizenZero blog I think is the name of the Twitter handle.
And you're admittedly just starting that and you're not...this isn't your wheelhouse
that in particular. You're not like a web genius or whatever
but you're hoping this can be kind of a project that people get
interested in. It's about the analysis
of what it is. What does it mean to be an
active citizen? What does it mean? And so I guess the thing that I want to start with
is because all of us are familiar with this aspect which is arguing
online about politics. How do we do that right?
Like I guess to start, I did
like actually write a post because I'm a terrible person
who writes blogs forever. But the first thing
I think to start with is always to have an idea of what you actually want to get out of the
discussion. Like if you go into a political discussion and your aim
you don't know what you want it to look like when it's done you're going to end up
in a flame war where you call somebody cunt. It's going to happen.
Because you're secretly like not...that's what you actually are burnt up about.
You can actually do yourself good
and do the other people good by actually knowing that that's what you're thinking first of all.
Let's do an example of how to...
So if I'm just sitting over here stewing, so first of all
if I'm mad, I hate women. Like let's say
let's just hypothetically say
I hate women. I just heard about the Wonder Woman premiere
or the Wonder Woman screening where you're not allowed to have men at the
thing, at the Alamo Draft House. So I just read about that on Facebook
and now I'm real mad or maybe I'm not even acknowledging that I'm mad
I'm bemused. Because people don't understand
how illogical it is but like what should I be doing
in my status update or like is that the first mistake
is that people don't start discourse that way. They don't be honest and say this is how
I feel. I think first of all would be like
what kind of topic do you actually want to cover? Because if you want to just talk about how you feel about something
there's so much space for that. There's a lot of it but you know if you want to use
social media as your therapy session, which is totally cool, just acknowledge
that that's what you're doing because then people don't want to engage with you.
If you're like having those feels, I feel like that's not a great way to start
a political discussion. I think the easiest way
I don't know, I was really upset about
I think the thread that you noticed that got you to follow me
was the one about Bernie Sanders. And I started from this place where
I was like wow I've got a lot of thoughts about Bernie Sanders but so many in my head
so maybe I should like put them out there. And I started from this place
of like I don't want to be confrontational. I don't want this to be like oh my god
I hate Bernie, all of you can suck it. So I came from another place because
I know that that was going to end badly. So I was like okay let's talk about
why people don't like Bernie Sanders. Let's talk about that first.
Let's talk about why people might not be involved in his campaign or not
feel like he insults them or feel they're distant from his
concepts. At least if I get that out then at least you know where I'm coming
from when I say that I don't like him and I don't want him to be president of the
United States. It's not personal
my dislike but it means that I have to be honest about where I'm coming from
what's motivating me and be able to explain and defend it
when somebody comes up to me. So a good place to start from if you just want to vent
some stuff which is all of our rights to do.
It's probably best to just be like the more honest
the better. Although some of us are you want to be funny about it and you want to
have a point of view and sometimes that involves sarcasm and sometimes that involves like
oh the next thing that's going to happen is this and there's not really an argument
there. But let's say you were honest enough to say
here's why some people don't like the Bernie movement
that's why some of us feel a little betrayed even as you feel
betrayed and all this stuff and you say these things and you lay out your thoughts.
So now let's go to the next step which is you're being
attacked. Someone's going to talk down to you
whatever you want to call it but you seem to have this
ability online which was inspiring to me like you don't automatically
assume even though you know because
back stage and Cody said how many times does it end with a conversion of
someone zero absolutely 100% zero ever but
people are watching and we're performing on Twitter but anyways
answering your question for you. Here comes the I'm going to be like
a dummy like a mannequin like
I'm going to be like
you just said all that stuff about Bernie. So then I respond to you and I say
yeah
well what makes you because
you started it with like this is why some people so I'm going to hit you there and I go
what makes you think you speak for the people you think you're speaking for? Why do you think you're
speaking for those people? He lost the primary by 4 million votes
so I'm pretty sure I'm speaking for a lot of people
who didn't vote for him. So then that person's going to get
riled up now because you're going down there.
That person's now riled up because now they're going to go
well the reason he lost the primary is because the primary
was not a fair fight.
You can see in the leaked emails that she's
conspiring against him the Democratic
party is villainous and unfair. I don't know how I fit that in 140 characters but I did.
No you totally did. So my response also in 140 characters
is that
Bernie basically lost the race around March 1st and
you would need to show exactly, explain to me exactly what the DNC did
before March 1st that secured the fact that he would never get
enough delegates to win the nomination. If you can explain that to me I will gladly take your
position, I will acknowledge it, I will say like I totally understand where you feel
you're coming from but you got to show me the evidence
of a problem that could not be solved by his campaign.
Do you ever have, are you, do you, because I just
like what, because this isn't going to fuse, maybe let's
learn a little bit about your like from birth forward, like your early
story. Because I'm curious about
how after that election and those spreadsheet results
where certain demographics were revealed to be
just as chaotic as life itself.
Things that we thought if you had this quality or that quality from birth
that, so how, and then that has put us
all into a tizzy and there's
actually on that spreadsheet as I said after the election if you cross
all of it, it's like there's one group of people that should be taking their hands off
the wheel right now and be more jaded than ever and that's black women
because they turned out to the polls and like
I don't know who those 3% were, 2% or whatever it was, but it was like
and did you, well go back to that first of all, did you feel a
betrayal the next morning?
From your other Democrats? From white people?
From white people. From white women?
I mean you expected it from white men maybe, but were you shocked
that women didn't wonder women it through
as one gender?
I guess, first of all I was kind of in a coma after
the election results because I was with my best friend and we were hanging out
and we were so excited and then I started calling Florida and I was like
oh this is not good, this is not good and my friend was like
freaking out because she was, I mean we're both black women
and she was freaking out and she was like we go and die, we gonna die
and I was like maybe not, maybe something will happen and then she'll win
and then we won't die and it didn't work out like
that, fortunately we're both still alive. I kept yelling at Cody
like he's not winning, you know like I was like
I was like mad at her for thinking it was possible
for women to have their hearts broken. Like no, it's not gonna
happen, you don't get the universe, okay?
So I did feel to a certain degree I was like this wasn't supposed to
happen, the numbers weren't supposed to work like this, I had
I mean I grew up in local politics so I actually
did my first door-to-door petition drive at three.
This will stop any minute now. That's my car I think.
It was really mad about me talking about freedom.
Just hearing those labels you're gonna ring ting tingling too.
Wait, take us to the moment of birth if that's not too invasive.
Oh no, it's definitely not invasive. How long was the labor? What hospital?
No, are we born and raised in New York? Yeah, I was born and raised in New York
both of my parents were like very civically minded. My mom
curses too much to be an elected official so she never really got into
the negotiation of politics because she doesn't have patience. Can you do an impression of your mother
cursing? No, no, I've died.
By the way, I'm from the future coming through a portal into your mother's kitchen about her political
career. It's not because of your swearing, it will only ever be because you're a
woman. We are going to elect a man who talks
like a sewer and in all the ways that really matter
and then I'm gonna go back through the portal and enjoy a nice
cocktail. Yeah, no, that's good. And then
my dad was an actual local elected official. He actually
helped preserve a local train line that was going to get
torn down and I got a chance to ride on it because he'd done all that work.
And it was really cool to kind of grow up in local politics except that
knowing all your politicians, local politicians means that you find them really
human and really petty all the time. But it was a good
experience to see what it looks like to do all the time, like
petition drives and try to get people involved and all that other stuff. And then
after the election, I was sitting there after having spent lots of
hours yelling at my television about like, that doesn't matter!
Doesn't matter! Doesn't matter that he loves golf!
Like, why does anyone care? Who is talking about these really important things?
Like, are we going to upgrade our energy grid? That's really important. We can't
just let it sit there for the next 20 years, deteriorating. Is anyone going to talk about
global warming? Is any, like literally at all, like just maybe like five minutes
could you just ask him a question about climate change? And then if he doesn't answer
correctly, because there's a correct answer, there's only one answer actually. There's literally
he, there's no multiple choice. It's like one answer. A, the Earth
is getting warmer. B, the next question would be what are we going to do
and the answer is fix it. That's like, there are only two answers to those questions.
You were talking backstage about the original zero sum game, which sounds
exactly like that, which is human rights. Because, and you take it,
you're telling me things about the Dixie Cratson and history that I'm
just here to absorb. Because I was thinking about
Soylent or something for those years. So like,
human rights used to be a part of the Republican party platform. When they
started, like when the Republicans party started. And defining human rights, because now
we live in this post-nationalist, like do we meet American human rights or do we meet
any human rights when you're talking about slavery? There's kind of like no
separation between American human rights, just regular human rights. They're the same
they're the same concept. And when you're talking about
the ability to access your civil society, like if that's the standard that you're setting
for your citizenship, like white dudes get to participate in society. That's
that's a human right. At that point, it's not like a right for a particular
group. If it's necessary to make it possible for that entire group to
vote, then it's necessary for everyone to be able to vote. That's how it should work.
The only reason we have an age cut-off is because you met 17-year-olds, like no.
They're not allowed to do anything. Yeah, I don't want a world run by
me at 32 or five seconds ago.
We move forward and we grow. Hopefully the society, whatever. Why am I
doing this?
A sidebar on that, because I keep reading about voter
suppression. I get gerrymandering. I understand that a little bit.
That's simply the horrible kind of sometimes functional,
but ultimately erosive process of playing chess with like
where districts are drawn so that blah blah blah. We all know what gerrymandering is
and how that is voter suppression. What is the what is the shit going on with
like why is it really as simple as
like with voter ID laws? Talk about the state of
affairs with voter ID laws. Is that different from state to state? I'm lost there.
Every state gets to determine what it's going to do with its own election, which is
a good thing in some ways and bad thing from like a national perspective when we're voting
for president because it's really annoying. State by state
basically what you can do is you can create a standard for voting.
Once you do that, you basically can control the rules of
what it means to get to participate in voting. I know that there was
an automatic voter registration bill that was going through in Nevada. I believe
there's a state or two that's working with on it. It might be Oregon. Oregon actually
passed it, which means that you're automatically registered at 18 and you have to
go and deregister or something like that in order to stop being on the voter rolls
or death certificate. That means that
voter suppression works this way, which is basically if you set a standard
that only some people can meet, even though everybody's an eligible voter,
then you get to choose who filters through.
That's what voter suppression is about. You can apply a drug
test. How does an ID, how does the idea
of needing an ID, how does it
talk about that filter as an actual manifestation? The first thing is
is that they use the fact that only some forms of ID
are legitimate ID. Your college ID is not a legitimate form of ID
even has your address on it. That means college students now have to get
a separate ID in the state with all their birth information, rather
than just being able to use their student ID to vote. You can register
at school, at college, and vote. Actually, again,
my bestie was in school in Philadelphia and she voted out
Rick Santorum and that was one of her great, she's always like, I can die now.
Having done that, I voted out Rick Santorum that feels so good.
She didn't need to present photo ID,
she was able to go present the evidence that she lived in Philadelphia
as her means of doing it. Right now what happens is that
with voter ID laws, basically what they do is they set a standard
that you have to meet. You have to bring your birth certificate or this. How many people
right now in this room can tell, say specifically where your
birth certificate is right at this moment? Not me. Anybody, how many people?
17. Okay, everybody who did not raise their hand, you can't vote.
Yeah, I mean, just adding any, it just occurred to me,
adding any hoops, even if they're
seemingly not, like they're not like, hey,
if you are a fan of the patriots, you need to,
the filter only needs to be a filter in order to slow down
poor people, young people, people
that are working a lot. It's like any extra steps, the harder
you make it to vote, the more, I think that's essentially
well, it occurs to me, we're down a fucking branch
that I took you down because, okay, voting is a human right.
That is a, that's an argument that we're
still having needlessly. The idea that voting is a human right
forget about shelter, medicine, all these things. So take
us back to somewhere around the 1800s
about, and let's step forward where human rights is like this
issue that starts fragmenting us into
weird bedfellows. I mean, it's always been fragmenting us.
So let's start from the basic sentence, the basic concept, right? The idea
of America is that it's not based off of where you came nationally, you know, it's always the dream.
It's the mythology that we talk about on July 4th is that we built a country
on ideals and you could come here and you could dream what you wanted to
dream, you know, dream the impossible dream, all of that. I can't sing so I'm not going to
try it. But the point is that you can
there's this notion that we were built differently
and we had explicitly
human rights as part of our declaration. You know, they talk about tyranny and
bloodshed and controlling us and we deserve the right, we are endowed
by our creator, whoever that is. And like come on
they said it right up there, we're endowed with our creator with certain inalienable rights.
And among these is the right, you know, all those happy
rights that they talk about. That you come out of a womb or even ostensibly
that constitution holds up to us being test tube babies. Sorry to cut you off
but I saw a sci-fi angle here. You're coming into this world one way
or the other but the constitution is this document, like they sat down
and they said let's form this labor union of a country, this hotel lobby of a country
that says no matter what happens, no matter what anyone would try to use it as an excuse,
that the idea is that everyone in this country
as soon as you draw your first waking breath
you are actually, you have these
rights. They are not given to you, I know I sound like a sixth grade teacher but I was just like
we have forgotten that in our bones, right?
And well early on so continue. Yeah so except for slaves
like the rule was like everybody who's a white
dude has inalienable rights but I don't know about the rest of you.
Like maybe white women, I don't know, we're working it out.
Well we're kind of masters of the unspoken exception.
If we had to write it goes back to that thing. If you had to declare, like if you were passionate
at the framing of the constitution you would have to write it in like look black people
let's write about them for a while and you'd have to do it but
you don't have to do that when you're, you can just say all people
are created equal and I'll find out what I mean by that later but for now
I mean Phil and his cousin Tony. Anyways
sorry, it's these negative spaces that we're now like coming to bear out and that's
why there's amendments and that's really because we didn't, by the way
you're talking mean this, go please continue.
So then leaving people out of that discussion of human rights
eventually fractured the country in two because one group was like nah they definitely don't
have human rights and the other group was like maybe they do.
Just a little bit, just like maybe a handful of human rights are not like equal to us
but they seem to be human. I think actually after quite a lot of time
they do appear to be human beings so we might need to just
set up them as part of the country and they're like whoa you can't do
that and then they decide to murder each other over it for about four years
and the Republican Party's concept was like
we actually recognize that slavery is bad because it infringes upon human
rights and they held up that end of the bargain
until basically shortly after the
basically until 64, 1964 Republicans
held on pretty well and the only thing that cracked
the black vote away from them was the New Deal policies because they were like wow
you screwed up real bad, like we have no money, we might not be able to vote for you again
actually, this guy might, FDR might have some solutions for us
and we're okay with splitting away from you
and you saw the black vote start to diverge and split into two pieces but the reason
it didn't go fully democratic under FDR was because they had
the Dixie Crack Coalition, the same people at the founding who were like no no no
we gotta keep slaves and the same people in 1865 who were like no no no no
we have to kill Lincoln and continue trying to impose slavery and the people
who terrorized black people in the years between Jim Crow, those people
were the same people who've been arguing this entire time like no
human rights are not actually fundamental to this republic, they're not
they're only for some people. And we're seeing that play out now
these words that moved up to six months ago are just grown-up words to me
and continued about, I don't care about fucking Medicaid, healthcare, all this shit
these words they sound, they're more boring than a
Central American country's presidents last name
like this doesn't have anything to do with me, Medicaid, Medicare
all this stuff but it's like then you peel back the layers
and you're like Jesus fucking Christ you just think that cancer is
punishable by more death if you're poor than if you're rich
which is fucking insane if you wrote it in the crawl of a sci-fi movie
and said the people are divided between people that think that if you
have a random thing happen to you while you are on American
soil and American citizen, if you have sickness
which is just a part of life, we believe
that then your life should just be shortened by your
poverty and no one is having that, I mean now everyone's having that
conversation but we're still not just watching Paul
Ryan struggle through that power point that he made
with like Cranes where he's like he thought he was going to blow our minds
I think because his mind had just recently been blown
he was like let me break this down like I don't know if you guys get it but
basically what people are suggesting is that
out of these sick people, do you know what happens when you get sick
you can't make money so
they're like the poorest people in the world and the sickest
this is a problem that solves itself
and that's what he was yelling at us and everyone was like
what the fuck don't you understand about every step of
society that all of us have ever learned since our mommy sat us down
and said your roommate needs the rent check
I'll bail you out this time but get your shit together or you have to move back
home and I make fun of you
every college kid gets it
I don't know what my question is
so where do you stand, this is an interesting segue into this
I'm getting the impression then that you're probably not one to
where are you in all this
this trees in Russia like
soap opera, I'm guessing your answer is to the extent that it's
there's evidence and rule of law let's proceed forward but let's not
let it distract us from the occasional law being pushed forward
it's the most important thing that's ever happened in American
democracy I knew it
because
a hostile foreign actor totally
went into our most sacred institution and fucked it all up
am I allowed to say that
if you want to talk
there's the metaphor of the body politic and people use that all the time
imagine voting as being your spine
you wouldn't be like we're cool
you'd be like no that really fucked up my whole life
my perception is that people are distracted first and foremost by this
victory parade they're having which is not happy at all
and that they perceive that they don't even
get to start going down the block before people are pouring weird
they think that people are cheating by going like Russia Russia Russia
and I think that the biggest thing that they don't understand
the people that are still bothering to like go come on get over it
where's the evidence I'm tired of hearing this
is that they think that at the end of this whole process
Hillary Clinton gets to become president because they cheated
she should
put extra votes in there
is that like if you were to cheat in like a local election
and they found out they would just nullify the election your opponent would win
that's how it works there's no complicated thing there
but it depends on your definition my impression is that what we're debating with them
because it seems like to the extent maybe Spencer you can jump in or you have a beard
but it seems like we've long since kind of dropped
maybe we'll find out more but right now
we're sort of like not worried about
the results of the election we saw them
they bummed us out and were surprising but at the same time
like it's fine and is the result of
this constant effort on the part of a foreign hostile
former superpower the most dangerous psychological
post internet fucking threat you could have that what we've learned about Russia
is that that's how they handle their satellite states that's how they like
they've just been like they have troll farms all that shit is real
and that doesn't mean that if we prove collusion
someone else gets to be president except for the fact that you can't be president from prison
but I think
the people that are still hanging on are really even
dumber than me about politics and are thinking stop trying to act
but this election is not going to stick and I'm like it's stuck
now he goes to prison what happened I mean
prison that's really hard to do impeachment yeah it's really
hard we've never put a president in prison another thing is that
I like to think about this like it's kind of scary don't don't freak out everybody
but like we're kind of in the place right now that we were before the civil war where like
there's no real chance to like the only thing that fix the civil war
was the 13th 14th and 15th amendments to the constitution like there was never
any like hey I don't know can we just sit down and talk about whether or not
it's okay to leave the United States over slavery can we just let's just have to sit down have a
conference and we'll talk it out like we need to build a process and it's going to be
like the craziest thing we've ever done is to build a process to deal with the reality
that an election was stolen at this level and if we
don't figure that process out what did I say to you
during the opening monologue
I'm sorry I like him
he's so passionate sorry why did we
why did I operate in tandem with this guy to derail you
it's like you're a writer, you're a blogger, you're an activist
like how are you going to help save the world
you've got to help us and what's the next steps that we have to do
in case you can't tell my solution is fly her out, let her talk
and then I'll just worship her, vote for you, then my problems are solved
anything can I get back to Mario Kart
that is what everyone's dealing with is both inside them
and with any people that they choose to talk to is like man we all
it was working
I wake up every day I think like a lot of people do with this kind of dopamine drip of
Donald Trump juniors doing this thing we did it
they're all going to jail, they're not fucking going to jail, they're not going away
well it took six years for Nixon he won two elections by a landslide
and then had to find his own shame at the end of that
story still and that cascaded from
your grandma and uncle and people at Thanksgiving not having facebook
to bolster them every morning with more emphatic
outrage but in fact they had to come around to, I think Nixon's a dick
sick of it, sorry I told you you're a lesbian
that's a hard line to take, Nixon's a dick
you know what he's tricky too, I wish there was shorthand for any of this
but honey there's no facebook yet, I've got three pigs to slaughter before lunch
I leave town every couple weeks and I turn off the news
and I don't read a paper and I come back assuming that Donald Trump
killed a kindergarten because it seems
like he will one day and they're always in trouble
there's always some bullshit in the news cycle and then nothing happens
and we all think it's going to be fixed but it's not going to be fixed
we actually have to revolt at some point, we have to
take it to the streets, well let's get back to this amendment
let's make three new amendments, do you think it's called
taking it to the streets? Are you suggesting that maybe we take our lumps with
Trump and let this cancer ride out knowing that we are bombarding it with the chemo
of fucking holy shit what the fuck have we done that's going to make us sick
but that if that stops the
cancer of fascism that the thing we need to do
is beat this metaphor dead
take on the dietary and environmental changes
are you talking about election protection amendments
like things that actually federalize and centralize the election process
and make it hack proof because I felt like the hacking
was cultural in this case, it was like Russia taking advantage of the fact that we're all
like so what do you think
what do we need to change
if you're not thinking about impeachment or arrest
I'm definitely thinking about both impeachment and arrest but we've never had
a significant portion of our line of succession all removed
simultaneously and of course if, let's just be honest, if he
stole an election he's not legitimately president, if he stole an election Mike Pence is not legitimately
vice president, we don't have any idea what's going on with Paul Ryan
but I strongly believe that he probably had
some idea since he used to hack DCC, DCCC emails
against house candidates which means that he either didn't know
he was using stolen information from Russia or he knew and just didn't care
I think Paul Ryan stole our hearts
he's a dreamy
that lizard face
but okay so yeah
because that's what we're all thinking right now, like we wake up
at that fucking meeting where somebody
made the reference before I did, I thought I'd be the oldest person on Twitter and go
yeah, Serrano's got the discs which is a reference to Midnight Run in which
the resolution is all Robert De Niro
has to do is to get crime boss Tony Serrano
to accept discs that it's been established Serrano believes
are fruit of the hacked election
yes, like a Russian government lawyer
and it's amazing that they identify themselves that way
because the Russians probably are going
when you're Russia, everything you do is a win-win-win-win-win
there is not even one lose in there, there's no wrong move for Russia to make
they can just email you and go, hey we've got naked pictures
of Hillary Clinton, hey I've got naked pictures of your mother too
they can just send out whatever they want, any meeting you take
now they've got you for that, and then the further
the relationship deepens, the more stoked they get
the longer they wait, the more they offer up
and you have to figure that combined with the collective IQ
of the Trump team who never thought they were going to win
like they've got to be in so fucking deep it's insane
so then we all wake up realizing this, we're all starting to realize this
that this treasonous path probably very likely, Occam's razor says
these motherfuckers, like before they knew
it was even possible to commit treason, when all you want to do is
just win the presidency, they committed treason so long ago
we're going to find it out, and then you just like, wait what
we're all just sitting here going, then what do we do?
there's actually no actual process for that or answer
I kind of wish I could give one, the answer
I think we talked backstage, it was about
know what you want to see, right, so what do we want to see?
like imagine, like really imagine right now
like the president of the United States has not been legitimately elected
none of his cabinet can take over for him, not his vice president either
we have no system whatsoever has ever had this happen
so what do you, what happen, what do we as citizens want to see?
because if you can't figure out that next step, which is like we will re-run the election
we could, we have the money, it's not like we can't afford to run a second election
then the problem is republicans have to put somebody new up
should we give them the opportunity?
you know, should we just claim that it's illegitimate
have installed Hillary, that's going to go well
people will be very calm
you know, so the problem is that you need to know what you want to achieve first
and then the answer is to start working backwards
so what can we do as citizens to make it easier to understand
what that result should look like
and I honestly believe that we should declare the election illegitimate
and Hillary Clinton should be president of the United States
and I don't just say that because I really liked voting for her
but also because, I mean in all honesty that's what happens with virtually
every other contest that we've ever run where we find somebody cheated
we're like every other time in all of the history of the world
when we're like, hey, turns out you're a fucking cheater
you actually totally stole that thing
you don't get your medals, you don't get to win the game
you're a race in the history books
we remove things, like that's just how it's always gone
it happens in local elections
when am I allowed to make fun of Barron?
what age does he have to be before we can go?
there's a statute on that one
you are clearly, because I've got so many tweets just backlogged
yeah
oh my god, I can't, talk a lot
like many of the things that I want to see
are felonies to say out loud into a microphone
I've researched it
one of them may or may not be, like I just can't
Barron's adulthood in general
I can't wait until he's walking around
I am endlessly entertained by Donald Trump Junior
I think because I just like, he
it's like
his tweets like, and with his avatar
with that hair and his face
like I just regressed to
a time in every cell in my body
when I was absolutely the underdog
I didn't know that I would find out 40 years later
that, you know
that my view of things is limited to where I turn my head
but when I knew I had righteous anger
when I knew who the bad guys were
and why I was a hero
that fucking kid, and I'm calling him a kid
because his dad calls him a kid, which is part of the problem
he's my age
he's such a villain
he's always been a villain
and I love that he's entered the fucking forefront of everything
it makes me so happy
now I'm rooting for
I'm rooting for evil to have happened
I'm rooting for him to disappoint his father
I want one of the two of them
mythically
for federal officers listening
I just, I just, I just
I want the whole thing to end in all of them
in a reservoir of dogs crossbow fight
crossbow
where a secret service like
commander, whatever their highest ranking official is
has been locked out of the room
like a firewall
like in that life movie
with Jaygills
they're on the space station
and the octopus monsters
firewalls, and they're locked out of the oval office
they're like, we need to be in there
and then they come in and it's like
people are talking about what happened with flowcharts
for six years
because all you see is just
they all did it to themselves
like there's just crossbow bolts everywhere
and freedom
a vacuum of freedom
and then from then on the oval office
is like this weird place where like
well we couldn't tear it down
but here's where the tour gets
even more interesting than it used to be
it was already the
thing you were looking forward to
now it's also got a lot of
ghost stories
we don't need them to have crossbows
we just need to make it like hemophilia
they should all just die of some sort of weird
I don't want to wait those that many generations
like
did you just fart or was that your chair?
okay, I thought
Dan, when I fart you'll fucking know it
that's what I thought
that's what I thought was happening, I thought you farted and I knew it
the one who heard it
Keeland Turden
so what about you personally
as a person
part of what's inspiring
about you is
you have that I don't want to
be your Joan of Arc
stop treating me like something that's going to solve all your problems
vibe which makes me want
to treat you like that
just tell me what to do and tell me what to think
and I'll vote for you, do you have political aspirations
do you want to?
no, I don't
you will never see my name on a ballot
not ever
not good, not good over there
but does that to say
there's sideways
like your citizen zero blog
yeah, why be a politician if we are the people
yeah
first things first is that I am not
polite enough to be
I have a really high standard for elected officials
and especially when you grow up with them
you see
a lot of their foibles
but also a lot of
I'm going to be really nice to my local politicians
a lot of kindness
a lot of patience
there are people who are going to ask you some of the stupidest shit you've ever heard in your life
and you're going to have to be like
yes, I understand your issue
it is really terrible that the lines are that
particular shade of yellow
in the two lines are
it's so tough, I understand
I will definitely take that up
at the next council meeting
I will absolutely do it
they walk off and you're like
what's that?
you're looking at your local people
and you're just looking at them like your staff
and like did that really just happen?
did someone just yell at me about the shade of yellow
on our streets, okay cool
I just want to know that happened
and then you go back to doing real hard work
and I don't have any patience for that
I would just be that person like
did you come to me with that?
that's my time
I only have so much time alive and you chose to spend
five minutes talking to me about that
that's not okay
I'm overpaid in the standard salary
and correct me if you think I'm wrong
but it seems to me that
our class of politicians from top to bottom
has become an inversion
of that demographic
we all went to high school
with people that we
remember and go like
you know that person should have been an alderman
that person should have been president
because
actually they would enjoy civil service
they would enjoy
the drudgery of it
they like to be fair
they don't blow their stack when they talk to idiots
and those people are
180 degrees
on a different road
they're directed that way by
I don't want to say Hydra
but I don't want to get into a
conspiracy theory like a reptilian
alien that's taken over our earth
but there's definitely
there's a problem there and it all
comes back to the individual's definition
of what it means to be an American citizen
which we have been
especially recently but probably for my entire life
we
we feel like we got born here
and then there's this immigration thing
and the whole like
melting pot thing and we learned that
in high school and school house rock videos
and the
idea of gaining citizenship and that
meaning like you just have like a card
that says you can participate
but like what it actually
means to be the citizen of a Democratic Republic
and so
I don't want to put you on the spot
as much as I want to gain some clarity
in my life
what do I do differently
we have people up here and I ask
all the time so what do I do
so we've all heard
you gotta call your so and so
you gotta do this and that
I don't
yes it should be
it should be working we should want to figure it out
is there
a way to like get a better map
of it like how much of my day
is given over
to being a citizen if I'm an active
participant in that role
well I would say
well first thing that I want to say
is that I'm hoping to build a system
if you guys go to citizenzeroproject.org
or.com
I own both
it's all it's just good it's good for brand
so
if you go there I actually have a project
that I'm working on
which would be an online web portal
I really want to build this
where basically people could log in
and find out like all the things that their
elected officials have been doing and you get updates
like every week every two weeks or every month
depending on when you wanted to see it
and you'd be able to like build a report card
so it would like summarize a lot of the stuff
that you do and don't agree with your elected officials about
that way you wouldn't actually have to do all that
legwork by yourself because that sucks
like it really does and I do it
and I spend way too much time doing it
and it's really exhausting
on the basic citizenship scale
and like the national scale I should say
that you should probably be on top of at least
you should have like one issue
you really care about at least one
it doesn't have to be like very fancy
or anything like that you just be like wow
those stagnant pools of water are totally going to attract mosquitoes
it's gross if you're aware
of something like that in your neighborhood
I know it's really small and stupid but like
that's a thing
we care about that thing
but what if you want to be a nice person
so I have a stagnant pool of mosquitoes
in my, I see it's two blocks away
now I'm going to definitely
the person in me that's both nice
and that wants to just get back to Mario Kart
that's a dangerous
combination of agreement because both of them
say don't
because you're going to call
a congressperson about
stagnant pools of mosquitoes and you're going to be an idiot
and you're someone's going to answer
that you're going to feel dumb and disempowered all day
you're going to get on a phone tree and all this stuff
there's a first step there that's like
I don't know who to call
an alderman, an ombudsman
Comptroller
is there like
I
that's why I said I don't want to put you on the spot because I don't want to make
I don't want to make
humanities
tendency to be a robotic
coward your fault and problem
to solve
but the closer we could
get to like actually
here's how you do a layup or whatever
so that if
you want to expand on it
and make your own style that's great but I
only speaking for myself
that's how I feel about it is being in gym class
and the coach says it's great it's a layup
it's like the most common thing
in basketball you just do this and do that
and then you go like that and I'm like I can't
know what the fuck you're talking about
slow down
what foot goes where first
put cutouts on the floor
if you really care about me
ever caring about this sport
you'll like come in my bedroom window the way
video games do and say
just push this button
and like
or do we say stop catering
to that and fuck you if you can't
be a man
I would say that the easiest thing to do
is just find as I said find
an issue a lot of it's easy
when staying at mosquito water
say mosquito water or you can choose something
at a national level climate change
is a big one net neutrality
net neutrality so I know I should I call my
congressperson and go hi
my name is so and so I but
you know I'm concerned about net neutrality
don't start with the call
that your congressperson unless you know what you're
going to say before you pick up the phone
in all honesty that's why you feel disempowered
all day is because you started out
and you're like I feel really strongly
you get on the phone with a representative
like a person they're like so
why and you're like because
feelings I have
so many feelings because I watched
John Oliver last night
well God for I mean if you watch
John Oliver then you kind of know what to say
what about the people what about the people
that don't that feel
like like I look I'm
I'm doing this like I
there's gotta be people who are more
scared than I am of getting on the phone
and having who answers
and what do you like
I like I like you
you say like know what you want
but you grew up around politics like it's
possible you see
more of the fishbowl than I do
I again I
would actually start like much smaller
which is instead of
trying to make the action go outside of yourself
just figure out like literally spend some
time I would say like an hour
a week maybe an hour or two
just sitting around and being like okay what is about this issue
like who's talked about it who's an expert
in this issue that I care about you care about
net neutrality you should be reading up on
as much stuff about where it comes from
what the term means
you should at least know the basics of that
term and it really just takes like that's just like
an hour a week that's just and then
when you're ready you can take a whole month
if you want to a whole four hours
and then once you've looked at something
for four hours and you can say like do I want to call
my congressman over this like first of all
you'll learn just by checking up on that
issue for four hours
like okay this is who's responsible
like you'll learn like okay we need to
talk to federal people because you'll see in their
research you'll be like whoa this is a
federal issue it's definitely not something for
my state legislator then you might check on
something like climate change and find out well we're
in California you're just gonna be your state
all right well let's do an exercise I'll be
I'm gonna be this and
the fun thing about this is you can't do wrong
because I'm live
I'm a manifestation of my own
fear in this exercise
I'm the person on the other end of the phone
you be you
you're a citizen you're activated about an
issue you don't even have to tell me what it is
I'm answering the phone at the
house of representative level
for your district
all right are you gonna make this ringing
sound effect or should I
you should definitely do the ringing sound effect
ring
oh
okay
good afternoon
congressman she's spandam and this office
hi I'm Caitlyn
I'm really interested in
our roads and bridges
okay do you have an appointment to speak
an appointment to speak
yeah I'm a citizen of the United States
I don't need an appointment to speak to my congressman
yeah
speaking hours are from
3 to 5 every Tuesday except Wednesday except every
Thursday is Tuesday
I would say
that my first amendment
right is open anytime
okay yeah first amendment
meeting is
okay bye thanks for calling
cool
so that doesn't happen right
that's my fear that is from my first fear
this is
a healthy exercise like that doesn't happen
it doesn't happen
because it happens
when I need my teeth fixed and it happens
like
I don't know or maybe it just only happens in my
fucking head
like when I need my driver's license renewed
but that doesn't happen
no it does not happen you don't need to
worry about your congressman's office
blowing you off because that's
in general when they are discredits on the
phone they find out that that person was
actually really important and now they've got
like a donor who's going to be like
hey I am my
my sister called up and you treated her
horribly and then as a sudden it's like oh I
just lost million dollars thank you
that's what happens actually
can you guys reverse roles and Dan you call
her up
take us at least that far and then we can
move forward from there so I'll do what you
did I think
but I'll probably offend you
that means you have to do the ring
sound okay
ring
oh wait I should already be on the phone
hey you called her
hi this is the congressman
love as office how can I help you
yes I'm very concerned
fuck hold on a second
oh
I forgot what I was concerned about
you're not concerned about anything
were you concerned about net neutrality
I was concerned about roads and bridges
sorry
I forgot
hi this is
hi I'm concerned
about roads and bridges
okay that's great
what specific road
or bridge were you worried about
I mean we take our federal bridges
and stuff
well I
well all I know is
all I know
is that I drive
over the third street bridge every day
and it seems
to be getting worse and worse I've been taking that route
for 30 years and I keep reading these things
in the paper about
funding and stuff and I just
feel like there's so many potholes and it feels
like
and I see other things about infrastructure
and other parts of the country I don't want to be one of
those cities where
people don't say hey
I want my bridge traversable
oh my god
yeah we don't want a situation like Minnesota
because we're so much better than that
fuck those fucking pieces of shit
so let me take that
you just
could tell from my voice that I would
I would bite on the anti-Minnesotan
yeah I
totally did and so what I'm going to do
is I'm going to take down your concern
I'm going to route it to the appropriate offices
I'm going to talk to our legislative aid
on infrastructure
okay but is this like the run around
what are you doing to me here
I don't know what
can I call back later and every time I have a bridge
concern
if I call back every day
do I have to change my voice
to be taken seriously
and if I continue to be
concerned about the bridge every time I answer the phone
will you eventually file a restraining order against me
I don't believe that
members of Congress can file
restraining orders against
are you a member of Congress
are you going to call me every day
aren't you going to be working there
for a while
I mean like we rotate
it's not just me on the phone
what's your name
Sandy
I'm Dan
I'm Caitlyn
I live in Brooklyn
by the 3rd Street Bridge
that's really great
so I do have to take down the concern
because it's a big one
it's a big thing to get going
I can't just do it by myself
I'm not giving you a run around
I want to make sure that the concern is
noticed, logged, and we know when it came in
and then we can talk about
because we're having a meeting
next week on the bridge
we're going to be doing a town meeting
Martha
where's the notepad
Dan
are you pretending to be Caitlyn again
and bothering your congressman
I got to write down a meeting
I pay your rent, dip me a notepad
motherfucker
so there's a meeting I like to
I want a divorce
excuse me for a second
phone
down but then you just hear fucked up shit
fucked up shit
I'm not going to do it
it'll be trivializing
but I'm just saying as a writer
you hear fucked up shit
the dog's barking and then you hear
somebody whimpering
and they're like thugs
okay
so tell me more about this meeting
I want to be involved in democracy
where am I going
why am I doing that
I mean
I'm going to hang up
I'm going to hang up and become myself
somebody call the police
shut up
call 911
you get in the food hut
whatever that means
oh my god my face
what happened to my face
you get in the food hut
it's the title of the indie movie that will be made about your experience
if you're lucky click
okay
that's what they like
they like human tragedy
thank you for that nice applause
for domestic abuse
that was very nice of all of you
well that's the part I didn't want to make a cartoon about
I thought if it was like a rear window thing
where you're like oh my god there's a murder
alright but anyways
and then as a sad legislative aid
I have to try to figure out
what will happen
it'll be good
suffice it to say
if you do
there's a million apps and it's a google away
this idea of calling your congressperson
there's
there's pretty much
no chance
of having the experience that you have
if you were to call fries
electronics or the DMV
or your own dentist
like the people
on the other end of the phone are
like they're
they're passionate about politics
their job is to pick up that
phone you're going to
get through it it's okay to
maybe even kind of only
like maybe be figuring out
what the fuck your problem is
like a little bit right
you'd recommend not doing that
not using it as a therapy session
but at the same time
the thing that keeps me in line is this fear of
I'm just going to feel stupid
I mean again
I think well first of all you got to get through
to the line because a lot of the time
especially on a big legislative vote
they're getting calls from like a billion calls
so like the line might get jammed
in which case then you can just have
the quietly experience existential fear
while you're on the hold line
but that's kind of it is kind of comforting though
if something happens that you're watching CNN
and you're your internet thing
and you're like I'm alarmed about this
and you pick up the phone and it's busy
you kind of draw comfort from that right
like when there's a blackout or
the internet's out and like you call Time Warner
and it's like your call will be
answered in 17
thousand hours
and then there's like an edit in there
if you're calling about the fucking internet outage
it's being or dealing with it
like yeah that would be nice to
I mean that is totally comforting
because it does mean that a lot of other people
have the exact same idea that you did
when that's always nice to know that
I mean I think one of the reasons politics is so hard
is because we all feel like a little bit like an island
and you're like oh I'm having
all these thoughts or I'm having feelings about politics
and I want to get involved and it's like
it's super intimidating
like it's so hard to do that first thing
and you don't want to go to the meeting
and you're afraid that you'll be stupid
and like the truth is that we're all
stupid I'm stupid
like I got called an activist I'm not
I'm like crazy lazy
it's unbelievable how lazy I am I just sit around
and I write things and I have ideas
but I haven't been to like
one of a political club meeting now
in like a year because I'm like the laziest person
I was during the campaign
and I did some phone banking
but I did it like the laziest way possible
from my cell phone using the site
because like Hillary created a site
and you could just randomly phone call
people from like all these different calls
and I was like this is perfect for me
I'm the laziest person in the world
I worked the floor below
her campaign office
I literally landed
I literally did not go inside of it
so you're saying if you'd worked a little harder
Hillary would be in office right now
haha
we landed at LAX in the middle of the LAX
like when the travel ban went up
and we like landed there
came out of first class we had our luggage
Jeff had his suit over his shoulder
and we were like oh it looks like a protest
and we like we hung out there
and then for the next three weeks I would shut up
about our responsibilities and
and then I bought a gun
because I was just like
everything's changing
I want to shoot it for changing
haha
what time is it
we should probably thank Katelyn
for coming up here today
we have a more important business to do
I think they were being very classy
and didn't want to shout 9-11
like they always do at 9-11
that's very nice
I think we live in a world
we live in a world
Katelyn you think you're lazy
for not making phone calls more
these people didn't shout out 9-11
but yeah I mean I guess
I want to make sure there's an action item
or something just for people who are more
interested
still have more questions all that stuff
obviously we've said your twitter name
which is Gotham Girl Blue
and Citizen
Citizen Zero Project
is that the twitter handle
that is actually that's not my twitter handle
that is the site I literally just upgraded it
with all the stuff that the
non-profit that I'm working on is going to do
I can't take donations yet
hoping to do so as of August 1st
but like there are literal
projects that I'm working on
whether or not that's creating discussion groups
and training other people to lead them
whether that is creating the online
portal and the app so that way you can
do more passive citizenship and you don't
have to actually collect all that news by yourself
because that sucks
or whether or not it's creating a K-8
curriculum because I'm working on
getting kids to understand that they're citizens
so that way you build the habits early
and then you don't have to worry about doing it
as an adult because you've already been doing it
yeah that's right
okay well we'll cheer for Caitlyn Bird
everybody
look her up and she'll be back
and we'll continue to maybe
we'll
how we can help you in Los Angeles
we'll be like sister cities
alright thank you Caitlyn
the rest of the show will make no sense to you
but you're
you can go watch it with Ronald
unless you've been listening
alright so let's bring up Steve Levy
Steve Levy
to the stage
Levy in the house
or did
Steve Levyus
Steve Levy
oh
is upstairs doing lines
off another guy's wiener
Steve Levy
Steve Levy everybody
hey everybody
sorry church was telling me a fascinating
story
Steve Levy
say what? no church was telling me a fascinating
story backstage and I
about what?
just personal stuff
you see
in a more primitive society
that would be
a huge
like you came on stage
your girlfriend was off stage telling me some shit
I can't talk about
I don't want to
you don't want to cause no trouble
this is not a forum to disclose anyone's
stories
don't necessarily
alright
what's going on?
we can't tell you
I got a little educated
I think
the most important thing I learned is
it is that membrane
I'm bad on the phone man
I tell people to call their congresspeople
at the drop
of a fucking hat
and I stand before you naked
and trembling at the prospect
we've been on a lot of phone calls together and I gotta say
some of them you're really great
others
not so great
what is the difference do you think?
how much attention you're paying
how much you actually care about what we're talking about
maybe
so a bad phone call but one in which
everybody wants something from me
and I don't know why I'm on the call
I don't know
sometimes you turn those around and it's like
you're a hero
I want to make you name examples
so bad
but it'll only hurt me
and you just have this luxury
you're like Varys in Game of Thrones
I don't know who that is
look it up
I don't watch Game of Thrones
it's cool
so for those of you just joining us
tonight
we now play a game called Pathfinder
which is kind of like Dungeons & Dragons
wow laptop
I'm just checking
hey did you
did you have any thoughts
about
you politically?
I know you and I both feel like the world is probably ending
oh yeah
you're still getting your ham radio license
oh man
it's going great
it seems like it's really hard though
I could see why they don't want everyone just doing it
I saw on a Friday
something about a ham radio
is that
are you building a radio
on a Friday?
I'm building a radio on Friday
alright
and it's going to be the biggest radio
ever seen on the west coast
is your new hobby lying?
I'm working on my improv
I use it
no I did this podcast
I did this podcast
it's called a UCB radio
I did this podcast on Saturday
and I really just feel like I shit the bed
and so like
I just want to die
oh man
I just am feeling the worst
and everyone should download it
and not listen it so everyone thinks
oh wow it really performed really well
but then don't listen to it
because otherwise you won't even be able to be honest about
you know
what did you think you did what are you most embarrassed about?
I just I feel like I'm mechanically bad
at talking
if there were a race of talking
I would lose
like I would be like a fat person at talking
like you talk a lot
I do but I
are you calling him fat?
he's calling me
he's the marathon man of talking
well like Malcolm Gladwell
10,000 hours it's like
you've had a lot of practice at talking
but I feel like I probably just don't talk very much
and I'm bad at it as a result
well I don't perceive it that way
well I'm just saying that like
what thank you so much
say what madam what was it
I will tell you
thank you that's so nice
it's definitely a soothing voice
like that's just
I just I don't know
just couldn't make sense as it was just bad
it was bad news I don't even want to talk
well especially that you have a chance for redemption right now
because now's your chance to talk
will you recap our last episode
of Pathfinder D&D
that's okay
I wanted to
I wanted to help him with his
anxieties before
we could have just teed up
the worst D&D ever because he's like
yeah I feel like I'm bad at talking
I fall asleep to you talking
I'll see you're good at talking
yeah maybe well let's do D&D
you're in a forest
fuck
you come upon me in a rope
I'm in the middle of something
I don't know I'm not saying you did anything wrong
I'm just saying like I was worried about
I wanted to like put a pin in it
acupuncture pin
do you think acupuncturists have
when they say put a pin in it
do you think they get confused
I could just stand up I could just stand up
that's a stand up bit
do you think acupuncturists get confused
man why do people keep talking about putting
a pin in it that means deal with it
right now
when you tell them to put a pin in
they're always finishing the task
like an acupuncturist
comes to your book club and goes like
well I think we should have a policy for which books we choose
well let's put a pin in that
I'm trying to
putting a pin right now
where was this at the top of the show
you're only four and a half minutes away
from a set
you got that one joke
alright anyway sorry I got excited about that
but I want to put an acupuncture pin
in your tits
and now we don't want to deal with it
now
he wants to put a pin in your tits
I mean who doesn't
these tits
well it's fine
I just wanted to express that because
you know it might come out
on the internet sometimes that I was on a
podcast
and I don't want anyone to listen to it
but I do want them to download it
what I admire about you
and I think a lot of our audience would agree with me
is that when you talk
you call your shots and it's usually very accurate
I was bad
I agree with that in a general sense
on my best times
but I was just off my game it's like you know
sometimes you have a bad day
you know it was just bad but now I'm just
sitting in it I'm like man
I went on kumail
and Emily's podcast once and I was so fucking
happy because all they wanted to do
was talk about video games because that's the whole podcast
was about I was so excited just to talk
about video games I walked out of there so happy
and then like I read
two tweets
like no one's gonna like tweet and go like that was
fine that was fine like it was the two
guys that were like don't let Harmon
explain computer science ever again
he doesn't get it that's not was
like he tried like I'm always like
wrong about shit I feel awful
I want to go to a cave and like eat my own leg
yeah
it's not
eating doesn't solve all your problems
but unless you eat
your own body then you're
it solves itself
it's kind of like weight loss
if you could turn your own body into poop
you'd lose weight you could poop your own leg
eat your own leg
then you got one leg less
than I did before I ate my leg
but a smart person
would say yes but you just cut your ability
to exercise in half
and you're gonna regret that
you're gonna be sitting there and you're gonna be eating
you're not gonna be able to eat much anymore
and you're gonna slowly die
so
what I'm saying to you is I get it
just
keep hanging out with me and you'll always
you'll always look better
last time
I'm on Harmon Time
what happened
you guys had just
finished the fight
and you beat the ghost
no you beat the demon freeing the ghost
and it took you to the graveyard
you discovered that in place
of Archer Fell's
corpse was the corpse of a rotting dog
who's fucked up
and then you left you went to Dairy Hill
and met with Rhonda who took you
to meet the
other farmer, Manil
because it seemed that the farmers were dealing
with some ripped murdered cows
and Manil was being weird
for a while but Diarrhea Junior
unleashed the snacks
and it seemed to be
winning them over and that's where we left it
in Manil's
farmhouse
yeah
even that terrible showing
was much better than anything I did
largely our fault
no I'm saying that if you called that good
what I did on that podcast
was bad
all you're making me do
is want to listen to this podcast
more than I would have already
we'll do that
it sounds like you're just pumping up the show
you're trying to
I just want people to go well at least he
at least he knew
it's a good point I mean that's what
propels me
at least he knew
you can't shoot me through a hole I self inflicted
right
you missed again they never get it
they're like bang bang bang
what's that hole I'll shoot at it
you're like that hurts too
shot myself there
an hour ago you fucking plebe
what's on the sheet
I don't know I do that with menus too
Cody busted me today
I already ordered and I was just like
and he's like you ordered
put the menu down
I'm uncomfortable
in life
you know what DJ
you're all right and he starts taking
the snacks out of your hands
you like
you enjoying those snacks Donovan
oh yeah you know you're a lot cooler
than that guy
Fel yeah that Tom
he's a real piece of shit you know
his cows they suck
all he did you know he's a bad farmer
all the farm crops he was doing he was just
trying to feed his cows with them
he put all your eggs in one basket that's how
it happens I'll go one step further I say
he's a bad father he let his son get
killed
I'll go one step further I'll say I wish
that someone would go to his house light his
house on fire maybe put it out
well hang him up maybe throw
a rock at his wife Donovan
Donovan we're one step ahead
of you as always
what are you talking about not only did we go
to his house once we went we fucked his house
up twice oh Jesus
go knock on his front door you can't
it's on fire in his front room right now
this is what democracy looks
like you
you have a vision of what the world should look
like when you're living in it we already did
it we're good representatives
of your church right
so why don't you reward us
with some good old-fashioned
information
okay let's get down to business
and hang out talk about what a piece of shit Tom
fell is and what's going on in this time
why the evil is coming to town
like who's to blame where
can we track down the evil
like as it's happening I don't know man
I'm sitting on a couple of cow corpses if you
want to check them out yeah well thank you
let's go do that right now let's go
you're full of snacks let's go out there
and check out these cow corpse all right
he he turns around and
he pulls a sheet off of two cow corpses
in his main room
he's been standing in a we've been
standing in a room
yeah it looked like like just furniture
or something at first
how long have they been dead for
this one's been dead for three
days this one's been dead for a week
I do the the dust check
on the cow corpse I do a little
the like a wipe yeah
dust check they had a sheet over them so they're not
dusty I'm sorry what was your name again
manil manil donovan manil
donovan I'm not judging you
you it's an objective truth
that you downplayed the cattle mutilation
when we came to see you
well I you know did you drag
the corpses in here really murdered in this
room well Ron to help me but no
they weren't murdered in this room
I would have seen who done it
no I'm just you know I'm fired up about that
son of a bitch Tom and that's what you came
in talking about you know it's just
it's how we got into your good graces but
initially there was like a kind of a force field around the
topic of cattle mutilation yeah it was because
I was so angry do you think Tom
fell murdered your
cows I don't know you'd
have to be some sort of monster to be able to pull
that out off not out
do you mind if my team
and I who are clerical
professionals from a church
which at this time in this
class of society is also
the equivalent of being doctors
could
could we check
out your mutilated cows he puts
the sheet back over the cows and then he pulls
the sheet off again well
are you being a little cutesy no I'm just
trying to reiterate
oh you're saying that
when you pull a sheet off a cow the
invitation to explore is implicit
yeah and I'm a fool for
asking permission well you know
that was just fun with you I wasn't doing that
other thing yeah well now
when I fuck with you
don't complain sir I've been drinking
I'm assuming
my spell of handle animal won't
work on dead cows probably right no
no well that's a yeah
no Daria
examine the cows get in there
I use my knowledge of nature
on the cows to see what's your
what's your bonus there
alright
this cows still alive
oh
I use handle animal and I try
to I try to convene with the animal to
communicate with this animal find out what happened
it won't move I have this I have this I have this
stabilize load out
yes load out
one general it's a
stabilized I have a spell
cause a dying creature to
stabilize don't panic the key is to not panic
you cast it
and it doesn't affect it almost as if
it's dead and not alive
but you said it was alive
oh yeah
is it my turn it's not my turn anymore is it
yeah I'll just yeah Jeff over one
shit
I
I use I use heal on the animal
alright it doesn't work
shit zombie I
I check for dust on the animal
it's not dusty
does it there's a cow it's
a coping mechanism when I fuck up I
pretend like I know what I'm doing
and I do
I also sharpen a pencil I do I do
things that make it look like I know does a cow open
wounds
the cow looks like it has these big like
like like slash marks
you know like from a big creature
can I
can I use my magnifying
lens to look closer
at the wounds yeah
it's a zombie cow
it's an undead cow
you see
that the cows clearly dead
but alive but not alive
was it like
wait a minute
you said it was kind of alive yeah I did say that
so undead
well can I do Jeff looked at it
he thought it was alive
oh his because I
he rolled that well
so I'm just an idiot
yeah it's a weird thing to have
so low I thought a dead thing was alive
oh man
and he's the smartest of all three of us
why did we just open up a restaurant
stop being fucking church people
can I determine whether it's like
claws or
a weapon that yeah they look like
big kind of big claws
big five five clawed claws
you know like a claw
oh looks like
a monster of some kind
murdered these cows
monster of some kind
never studied
knowledge
you can't just say the word knowledge
you have to
make it complete
knowledge arcana
knowledge history
knowledge nobility in case the werewolves
that attack this cow is a duke
knowledge planes
because it's happening on a plane
knowledge religion
I mean I'm running through the gambit
I have really nothing
in all of them they're just checked off because I'm a cleric
mm-hmm oh you don't have any of this
well it doesn't I mean it
I mean I have them all checked off yeah
knowledge religion is two
okay well let's we could try that one
yeah
you're gonna find out this cow is religious
this cow is Mormon that's fantastic
it just seems like it seems
like some sort of otherworldly
creature you know you can't really
see what you don't know what it is
like whether it's like a werewolf
or like a demon or whatever you don't know
what it is but it's definitely some sort
of big monster rather than like a
natural beast but it looks like the same
monster killed both of these cows yeah
yeah yeah it's consistent
and one was seven days ago and one was three days
ago right looks like there's a monster
roaming the
well look look look
if I'm
doing the math right
seven to
you know three maybe it's every four days
and because this was three days ago
in the next day maybe another cow
will be murdered how often farmer
manil
manil does this take place
every four days about well it's been
speeding up it actually
was happening like once every month or so
but then you know these past
two have been like once every two
weeks and then more than once a week
and so now we're just gaining
strengths and confidence well good and if we
take what if we side I pulled
I pulled diarrhea and Carlos
what if we dress up like
these dead cows and
go out in the field
and wait like wait for
we should definitely do a steak
how long has it been since the last cow
got mutilated three days
three days no four days
he said three days
it's so hot right now it's insane do you have
live cows still no there's
no more cows there's no more cows no
they all got killed there's just two here
yeah we're a small town there's only about
ten cows at the beginning well what
if we got one of these cows and then we
wear it and pretend that we're a cow
in the field do we have your permission
to use your otherwise wasted
cows as costumes
uh
I don't know I mean you're gonna have to buy them
off me because like you know I can still
use this meat
wait wait one more question did
Tom fell have any
have his cows murdered oh yeah
yeah many we should go over there actually
what oh yeah
he's got the most mutilated cows
in town look there's a couple bargain it twice
the price yeah he
he's giving his cows away he doesn't
deserve any money you know
no no we wouldn't look there's some
options we have right we could we could
steal a cow from Tom and bring it back
here or we could pay him for a live
cow and bring it back bottom bottom
bottom is
bottom is bottom line is
hoping to solve the problem that keeps
killing everyone's cows right
might give a no bid contract
to Tom fell is it
true that you and Tom fell have been price
fixing your your your cow make
you're the only two uh
ranches in town no
okay we'll give you one gold
piece for each of these cows no
no wait one
wait let let this
good church of the silver
flame do some
you know let me do
some negotiation okay all right okay
this feels like a stereotype
but
I I'm gonna
talk talk yeah yeah I'll
I'll lean into it okay
um
do you have any what other problems you
had around the house I mean look we're
knowledgeable and we could we could we
could barter we could fix some stuff
for the cows
yeah fix the cows
no that's that's not fixable
is it I don't know are you
we just just get the best price for the
cows we're all right we want to we want
to take their yeah they're dead they're
well what are you asking how many
that's what happens at the end of a cow
you get a dead cow and
then you sell pieces of her for money
it's part of being a farmer
I uh I conjure
a flame in my hand
and just hold the flame
threatening
me like what
what
oh all right
do you have a charisma or an intimidate
you better believe it
I'm 13 charisma
and intimidates
yeah fuck yeah intimidate
nope
but 13 charisma
with a flame in my hand
I mean look I'm a gnome I know I'm short
but I a dude holding a fireball
in his hands it's scary it's like
I'll cook these cows right now
he's like whoa man
I don't want any trouble I mean I'm just
you can't I mean
we're trying to save your village
we're trying to save you guys from evil
tell you what I'm trying to make a living
here's what I'm gonna let you do limited time
offer
you uh finish
uh removing all the meat
and usable things from the cow
and just give us the uh cow skins
the hides after you're done all right well
that's a lot cheaper but you gotta do it
you know leather they gotta do it right it's
a rush order
no not leather like we want to look like cows
we know our plans we're gonna go out
a great pumpkin kind of thing
we're gonna dress up like cows
and there's only two here right so we gotta go
we're gonna go over to Tom if we find out
that he moves faster than you we're gonna
start taking work away from you
wait run that by me again
you're a freelance contractor
like our agreement with you is that
to the extent that we continue to
need cow hide to look like
cows in a costume we're designing
bottom is
we either help you or we help Tom fell
fuck it boys
this guy doesn't want to give us
uh three uh cows
uh hides that look like
cows let's get out of here
there's only two yeah we're gonna go help Tom
let's go to Tom fells
yeah Tom fells he loves us we've only
ever got into a place and destroyed his home
and
punched his child
Tom fells dead cow prices are
crazy because he's
son is possessed by a ghost
that's what I heard
they're possessing me Larry
right what's happening we're walking out the door
all right great you're losing our
business to Tom fell well you guys
haven't offered me any price there's
no business that I'm being locked this is being
locked okay fucking god damn it one
gold piece per cow we're not
I mean either way just I do
anything I'll give you I'll give you two
gold pieces per cow what the fuck
he just what
he you
I'll keep the receipts we go back
to the church
I'll get I'll get reimbursed for this
I'll be down to two gold pieces after
this how about
how about two gold per dead cow
all right let's do it all right now
make them everything but the cow
outside okay dress Carlos
and Chad and the cow make them look like
cows that'll take me two
hours
let's just go hang out with your well
I use my conjured
my the flame I produced and I cook
up some of that meat he's butchered and I
make us a little barbecue
all right you do that
remember how we were starving because we
haven't eaten all day sure yeah so now
you got some you got some ribs
this is good
makes up for you doubling the price
in there
to go back to Tom fells house
they have it
I wasn't going to go back there
are they dressed like cows eating hamburgers
no no
we're waiting the two hours
all right
costumes they're done
okay so now
who gets to wear the costumes
how many are there
there's two cow size
costumes
I want to be in one
I mean I'm too small to be
I'm a gnome so I'm too small so you guys
well which of you two has the best like
ranged
I have 110 foot range with my bow
are you good
with a bow
obviously
I'm going here it's like a
I have a range I mean you guys are big enough
to look like cows I'm a gnome I
won't look like I think that what should happen
is look I'll do the cow
I'll look like a cow with you but when
if this creature comes when it comes
Jeff should light a ring of fire
and then trap it in our little
ring so we could square off with it
okay I mean I've also got a ranged
bow of a hundred feet
with piercing
and I can shoot fireballs
I can light this monster up
with fire okay so
you're going to stay back and watch over the
perimeter I'm going to hide gnome like
in a haystack nearby
you guys are going to look like just too
too regular work a day cows
okay
minding their business
maybe they look a little worse
worse for wear
I don't think this thing is picky whatever it is yeah
right yeah he's going to see two cows
moving about and go oh easy pickings
what time is it in the day
well it's been two hours so it's
like one eight one p.m
okay all right
well why don't we
we're well fed
you guys go get put your cow costume on
let's work on your cow movements
yeah let's practice the
have a training montage where we learn to
act like cows what time general way
that you move is it
does this thing come at night
does the creature come at night
yeah the attacks have happened at night
I mean I could have answered that
all right let's go let's go learn to
move like cows
backyard
does it feel like it's working who's watching
I'm watching
more bovine
do they move one
back foot and one
front foot at the same time
is it like
I think it's
I think they go like
exactly one
one forward on the front one forward
on the back
that was the whole point of
biology
you guys are moving too much
cows don't really move around
all that much
I just want to look like while I'm standing still
look like prey, look like easy food
yeah yeah yeah
am I doing
I can't tell
I lay down like a
naked farmer so you guys can suck my dick
and kiss me on the face
that's a callback to another
episode
thanks for coming out tonight
if it's your first time here
I'm just
walking around I just want to know
from a distance do I look like a cow
you guys are looking pretty good
I'm convinced if I were a cow eating
monster I would be all over you guys
that's true I'm making
my tail move
I think that's convincing
right you guys feel like
you're doing a pretty good job
alright
alright so that took
like an hour
oh yeah now it's 2pm
now it's time to lay low
we're well fed we're well trained
now it's a waiting game
for
the monster to attack
make sure that beneath your
cow hide uniforms
that you guys have your weapons ready to rock
alright let's just take a quick inventory
are we
are we doing everything right
like just in a larger sense
like when I came to this town
I don't see how this plan could possibly fail
I just
want to ask like how we focused on the right
priorities because we
we did get sidetracked by
what could be called like a distraction
like I don't know
while Carlos is saying all this I'm getting
really method in eating the grass
okay
I'm making a ring
of
like an open-ended ring of hay
that I can light on fire
we can lure the monster
into that
and then you guys could jump over
maybe like we could just trap it in a hay fire
and cast a fire bolt
don't eat the ring of hay
he's putting that out there for a reason
okay so
we got to the town
and
we got off and we harassed a local
and then we went to the church
and then the church we had a
we had an uncomfortable conversation with
we couldn't figure out what was going on with them
so we went back to the first people
and just we did
we expelled a ghost
the ghost led us to the cemetery
the cemetery led us to a dog
a dog in the place of their
dead daughter
we talked to a farmer that was just standing there
that's where this breaks down
from the A story
we talked to the watch lady Ronda
who led us to the other farmer
who said
who sold us his cow hides
but in a six person town
I would say something that's killing
two of the people's cows
yeah we discovered there's a creature out there
we can figure this out if we can solve this
we're gonna be cockatawock
we're a big shit
who knows where this is gonna take us
and then we're gonna parlay that into
to start turning this town around
I sit down
let's wait it out and I go into
a druidic
meditation to conjure up powerful spells
okay
you go into it
I want to do an offensive load out of spells
if we're gonna actually chill
yeah there's enough time to change up your spells
so I'm doing load out three which is your
offensive load out
for the kids out there
it includes the spells guidance
which is just something
I can just put on somebody that gives them
an extra
accuracy or something
can I change my load out to load out three
offensive? oh yeah
light, stabilize
again you've heard all about that
virtue
signaling which allows
it turns one cock into
a beta
what does it virtue signaling
what does that mean if virtue is a signal to you
we've got sociopaths
we've got four minutes
level
and then summon
monster and divine favor
summon monster is
hair trigger
can't wait to do that
oh can you summon a cow
who cares
it's fine
I'm not trying to give you guys
the answers
I mean not that that's the answer
so just a summary of your preparations
where is this going to go down
in which farm, which area
we're at Neal's farm
outside Donovan Neal's farm
just the cow place where cows would be
and then you put a circle of hay
right and I hide
and a hay stack to hide in
and these two are dressed as cows
in cow form
being pretty life like cow
eating the grass I heard
yeah
anything else is that
anything else you guys are going to do
we've got our loadouts
we've got our spells ready to go
learn a loadout
something
I know it's zero of that song
that song is all frog DNA
an an an
you learn a spell
learn a spell right on me
part of my spell craft
is there anything I could do to kind of summon
these demons
bring them out into play
uh
no
I mean just the way we're dressed
is we're asking for it
we're going to wait this out
you guys
what are your guys HP just to be clear
they want to get gone
well I haven't been injured recently
right so I'm 15
have we been healed
you guys got in a fight
I can heal you
I think I'm 14
I took a few damage but I ate the good berries
right you ate the good berries
I need healing
what kind of healing
the burst the blast
channel energy
he heals them for 10
nice that's fully healed
thank you
silver flame
protects all
you're right
now we just find out
if it's worthwhile doing this
and wait for the demons to attack us
alright night falls
on the first day
you hear something
it's the barest slightest of rustling
that's coming from
uh
the north
coming from north
like
everybody play it cool
play it cow like
we got bogies in the wire
I move into
resting position
start eating some of that grass
got my hand
it's night time
and would cows be eating grass
at night time
um well
it just factors
into your disguise role
God
is that
the horses make
that sound
alright
I can hear my heart pounding
me too I'm scared because my role
is to get like pounced upon I don't know when
I was to go surprise motherfucker
but I'm about to
you okay so the rustling
stops as if the thing froze
right it's like it's being cautious
and then you hear it take a couple
couple cautious steps forward but still
it's still nowhere near you it's still
at least 30 feet away from you
hold on
are you actually
speaking
no
oh
I'm making my tail
move back and forth a little bit
very clever
move
okay alright alright
I'm gonna fucking do it
wait for it
what are you gonna do
wait for it don't
wait for it
alright I wait
I take some steps north and continue moving
move
alright
yeah it takes two steps backwards
now
it's like being weirded out by you
guys
surprise motherfucker
I fling off
my cow costume and I cast
a light spell
wait where do you cast it
just on you
on my hand
what's up
while I take out my bow
and get ready to shoot it
immediately you illuminate
your surroundings
and there's kind of a glare
as your eyes quickly adjust
and you can see an outline
on the edge of the farm
it's too far away to be
kind of caught by your
light because it's pretty far away
and the light doesn't go super far
but it looks like it's a robed
figure and it
leaps up into the air
and flies away
I fucking sick wait for it
let's get out
we start running after the figure
alright it's going towards
the church
building
it's flying
it's a flying creature
it's a flying dude
it's a figure
who knows what's under that hood
we're going to find out next time
cliffhanger
Steve Levy everybody
thank you to Caitlyn Bird for coming up here
being tremendously awesome
I'm Jeff Davis
thank you Jack, church
Sarah everybody here
Kris Boruffff of course
our producer
I'm your Comptroller Jeff Davis
your mayor is Dan Harmon thank you so much
drive fast
take chances
dress like cows
music
did you get any of that
it's a good show
music
Sarah audio